Well can a cybersecurity specialist really be called a developer ? Perhaps if one is involved in the making of a defensive system.
I don't necessarily intend to work for BeCode once my training is done but I don't think this is what is meant when referring to a Becode Developer I believe we're asking why I chose to do my training at BeCode. At least that is the question I'll attempt to answer.

I wasn't really into computer related stuff for most of my life asides from games. That being said I really believe it to be due to the fact nobody around me knew anything about it or told me about it and I used to be quite scared to research stuff freely on the internet due to the fear of scams orcomputer viruses. I really believe I would have jumped on the opportunity to learn more about informatic had I been given the opportunity and often do regret not trying it out years sooner since I absolutely loved it as soon as I tried it. To be honest I'm as interested in programming as I am in cybersecurity. I might have more of a knack at programming, at the very least I currently know more about it. That being said the cat and mouse game between the blue team and red team sounds thrilling and I think spending time thinking about how to crack the enemy figurative castle's defences may suit my personality very well. I spent years at school fighting the boredom and attention deficit towards the mainstream classical 'passive learning'. I find BeCode courses active learning to be so much more fun and efficient. I really hope BeCode can help me to cultivate the necessary skills in order to thrive in the IT-world. I believe given the opportunity I could prove to be an asset in the field.
